Added a section with steps to create a proxy container to forward traffic to a running container (#257)
rancher-sandbox/docs.rancherdesktop.io: docs/tutorials/working-with-containers.md

```
netsh interface portproxy add v4tov4 listenport=8080 listenaddress=0.0.0.0 connectport=8080 connectaddress=localhost
```
### Exposing the port of a running container

If you forgot to expose the port as part of the `run` command, you can follow the steps below to start a proxy container that forwards traffic to the original container. This hack helps you avoid restarting the container and is especially useful when dealing with containerized services with longer startup times. With full disclosure, this hack is based on the suggestions in this [stackoverflow discussion](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/19897743/exposing-a-port-on-a-live-docker-container) and this [blog post](https://iximiuz.com/en/posts/docker-publish-port-of-running-container/).

> 1. Let's say you ran a container with out publishing the port (by mistake).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Let's say you ran a container without publishing the port (by mistake).
```

<Tabs groupId="container-runtime">
  <TabItem value="nerdctl" default>

```
nerdctl run -d --name rd-nginx nginx
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="docker" default>

```
docker run -d --name rd-nginx nginx
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

2. Set port variables to be used in the subsequent commands.

```
# Powershell
$HOST_PORT=8080
$CONTAINER_PORT=80

# Bash
export HOST_PORT=8080
export CONTAINER_PORT=80
```

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps we need to add a note for users if they choose to set a priviliged port below 1024 that will then need to be exposed, maybe something like this right before step 3:

:::note
If you choose to set a priviliged port, most Linux distributions (e.g. Ubuntu 20.04) do not allow non-root users to listen on TCP and UDP ports below 1024. To listen to privileged ports on the local host, please run the following command on macOS/Linux:
```
sudo sysctl -w net.ipv4.ip_unprivileged_port_start=80
```
To preserve this change across reboots as a custom kernel parameter setting, add the same command inside your `/etc/sysctl.conf` file.
:::

> 3. Get the container IP address. If you did not give a name to the container at the time of starting it, you can pass the container id in place of the container name in the commands below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Get the container IP address. If you did not give a name to the container at the time of starting it, you can pass the container id in place of the container name `rd-nginx` in the commands below.
```
